--Leaders--
Vladimir Lenin		1922-1924		As leader of the Bolshevik Party, he became leader of the Soviet Union at its creation and was so until his death.
Joseph Stalin		1924-1953		Stalin came out victorious following the power struggles after Lenin's death and saw Great Purges and the Great Patriotic War which firmly thrusted the USSR into a world power.
Nikita Khrushchev	1953-1971		Khruschchev won the power struggle after Stalin and, while revisionist, maintained power due to the momentum the Great Patriotic War gave Moscow in spreading communism. However, it did see the Sino-Soviet Split and the beginning of the Sino-Soviet Cold War. In order to keep a wide base of control, he appointed conservatives to high positions. He ruled until his death.
Leonid Brezhnev		1971-1976		Brezhnev became the Second Secretary under Khrushchev's rule but his rule afterwards was cut short. He backtracked on some revisionism and also implemented new Cold War hardline policies but also showed no support for rehabiliation with China. However unlike the previous leaders, his leadership did not end with his death, though it did involve poor health. Following a heart attack in 1975 and other health issues, he was ousted as leader in 1976 though he didn't give much opposition. His short tenure as leader meant he could not build a strong base of support and therefore accepted his forced resignation at the 1976 Congress.
Yegor Ligachyov		1976-Present	Ligachyov, as Brezhnev's Second Secretary, became General Secretary after Brezhnev.

Ligachyov - conservative - General Secretary of the CPSU, Marxist-Leninist
Viktor Grishin - conservative
Romanov - unifier - Second Secretary of the CPSU, Marxist-Leninist
Anpilov - stalinist - Chairman of the Council of Ministers, Marxist-Leninist/Stalinist
Gorbachev - reformist 
Ivan Kuzmich Polozkov - moderat econservative
Valentin Kuptsov - reformist
Nina Andreyeva - hard-line conservative

--Most Reformist--
Gorbachev	
Kuptsov		
Romanov		Second Secretary
Polozkov	
Ligachyov	General Secretary
Grishin		Chairman
Andreyeva	Potential Second Secretary (and maybe even based General Secretary (woman))
Anpilov		Potential General Secretary
Yevegeny	Potential Head of State
--Most Conservative--

-------------------------------- Gameplay --------------------------------
In the general Cold War against the People's Republic of China, the situation of the USSR is perhaps more impactful on the world as a whole than any other nation. For this reason, I have decided to rid the idea of a Stalinist Civil War. Instead, the player will focus on internal politics and external diplomacy, the two of which are undoubtedly intertwined. 

There aren't outright factions per-say, but rather two general lines. More conservative-aligned members prefer a hard-line Communist Party, including reversing reforms. They also prefer tougher control over the Soviet sphere and expanding the military-industrial might to stick it to China. They are not afraid to use force to get what they want. More reformist-aligned members prefer a softer Communist Party and prefer to increase reforms, loosen state control (to a limited extent) and praises the socialist brotherhood and friendship between nations rather than forcing them with military might. They still, however, counter China.

The first main path, until the XXVIth Congress where the internal factions solidify, is the creation of a true successor to the Comintern. This is done via a revitalisation of the InterDep (International Department of the CC of the CPSU). This sees the creation of the International Communist League. Conservative influence can see the adoption of International Democratic Centralism (freedom of discussion, unity of action), which is meant to be democratic centralism applied directly to the world communist movement. In reality, it means that the USSR can curbstomp any opposing communist party.
	
	"In the light of the international conflict over the leadership of the International Communist Movement, the International Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union has taken the initiative to being the process of refounding Lenin's Third International. These efforts have allowed me to now declare the First World Congress of the International Communist League."